Minor Update (#155)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/guides/awaitedCommands.md

# Awaited Commands

> Awaited commands are special type of commands where bot waits for user's response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Awaited commands are a special type of command where the bot waits for the user's response.
```

![end result](https://i.imgur.com/rRRcIXA.jpg) 

> In the above screenshot, the bot asks the user to provide a number and then checks, if provided value is a number.

## Getting Started
To create an awaited command, following function and callbacks are used -

### $awaitFunc[]

> `$awaitFunc` is a function. It is used to initiate an awaited command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$awaitFunc` is a function. It's used to initiate an awaited command.
```

#### Usage
```
$awaitFunc[command name;(user ID)]
```
- `command name` - The name which is used inside [`$awaitedCommand`](#awaitedcommand) and [`$awaitedCommandError`](#awaitedcommanderror) callback.

> - `user ID` - The user to trigger the awaited command for. Uses command author, if `user id` is not written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `user ID` - The user the awaited command will trigger for. Uses command author, if `user id` is not given.
```
